Hello my name is Luis Estrada and I am a software
developer. In this video I'll show you how
to print an entire page on Internet Explorer.
Internet Explorer is a registered trademark
of Microsoft and I have no affiliation with
Microsoft. Click on the file tab then select
print preview. Here is the preview of how
the web page would look on paper. At the bottom
part you can see how many paper pages would
be needed to print the web page. In this case
you would need three. Click on the arrows
to see the other two pages. To see the three
pages at the same time, select three pages
view. To reduce the amount of paper pages
needed to print this you can make the entire
web page smaller. For example if you select
a fifty percent reduction, then you would
need only two paper pages. Obviously the text
and images might appear too small when printed.
For a better look at each of the pages select
the view total width option. You barely see
the information on the screen but it is still
readable. However when printed this could
be a different story. The best bet before
you print a lot of pages is to print only
one and make sure that you have chosen the
correct size. Press the print document button
then under pages interval instead of selecting
all, choose the pages option and enter the
page number that you want to print. Then simply
click the print button. Get a look at the
printed page and if you need to make the texts
bigger select the one hundred percent option
or even the two hundred percent for text twice
as big. I'm Luis Estrada and I've just shown
you how to use your web browser.